Updates concerning the new Monitor app (#503)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/invisible/getting-started/understand-the-ecosystem.md

All data generated by Pupil Invisible can be monitored in real-time using the Pupil Invisible Monitor app. To access the app simply visit `pi.local` in your browser while being connected to the same WiFi network as the Companion device.

> It allows you to stream scene video and gaze data as well as to remotely control the Companion app to start/stop recordings and save events. This way you can fully control and monitor an ongoing recording session without having to directly interact with the Companion device carried by the subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The real-time streaming app enables you to monitor and control a recording session remotely without having to directly interact with the Companion device carried by the subject. You can view the scene video and gaze data remotely in your browser. You can also start and stop recordings and annotate important moments in time with events. All data will be saved with the recording on the Companion device.
```

Reviewer: Link to events?
